docs: add accessing SUT from Testkube question (#2334)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/docs/12-FAQ.md

pod/testkube-operator-controller-manager-77ffbb8fdc-rxhvx   2/2     Running   0          5d23h
```

### How to access the Service Under Test(SUT) using Testkube?

> - Services inside the same kubernetes cluster can be accessed using the address \<service-name\>.\<service-namespace\>.svc.cluster.local:\<port-number\>, if there are network restrictions configured, testkube will need permissions to access the SUT over the local network of the cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Services inside the same Kubernetes cluster can be accessed using the address \<service-name\>.\<service-namespace\>.svc.cluster.local:\<port-number\>. If there are network restrictions configured, Testkube will need permissions to access the SUT over the local network of the cluster.
```

> - If Testkube and the SUT are not in the same cluster, SUT will have to be exposed to Testkube using an Ingress or a Load Balancer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If Testkube and the SUT are not in the same cluster, SUT will have to be exposed to Testkube using an Ingress or a Load Balancer.
```

> If any of these answers does not answer or solve the issue that you encountered, please contact us on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/6zupCZFQbe).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this does not solve the issue that you encountered or you have other questions or comments, please contact us on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/6zupCZFQbe).
```
